doncaster rovers stop three points in
two places above birmingham city just
clear of the championship relegation
zone coming into this the free-kick will
be left David Cottle dangerously into
the area headed back across goal for
Quinn it's blocked it Paul Quinn again
and it's the top corner this time don't
guess the rover's lead with a goal from
the defender paul quinn at the second
time of asking hopefuls cross he's met
far post by brown and it's a good save
by darren Randolph it's cottrill with
another of those in swinging free kicks
Lucas Neill's head up husband here has
been caught in possession by Federico
Macheda who levels the scores at 11
Macheda with a goal for Birmingham the
man who had a loan spell here with
Doncaster at the latter part of last
year taking advantage of the air up from
husband heute clearance again from
Randolph all the way through here for
Novak who gets there first it's Quinn
ole you can't clear it off the line and
birmingham city of turn this one around
lino that will claim the goal but paul
quinn who opened the scoring for
Doncaster unable to keep that off his
own line as Cottrill swings it in
dangerously again we've seen that before
today we're kicking a useful position
again for Birmingham City pointed
towards that far post and touched in by
michaela again and that might just
settle it two goals in five minutes for
Birmingham City a second goal of the
game for Federico Macheda the man online
from Manchester United his ninth in
Birmingham colors this will be a first
home defeat in nine games for Rovers
haven't given a paper getting something
back in 30 Robinson will certainly feel
he should have scored there that is the
full time whistle and Birmingham City
move level on points with Doncaster
after this vital victory